Subject: Invitation to become a Carpentry Maintainer
CC: Existing Maintainers for the repo and other new Maintainer applicants for the same repo.

Hi all,

Thank you for applying to become a Maintainer for {lesson name and link to
repo}. We're excited to have you on the Maintainer team! Your co-Maintainers are
cc'd here.

As a Maintainer, you’re part of a team that is responsible for ensuring that
your lesson materials stay up-to-date, accurate, functional and cohesive. You’ll
monitor your lesson repository, make sure that PRs and Issues are addressed in a
timely manner, and participate in the lesson development cycle including lesson
releases. {Add a sentence about when the next lesson release is scheduled for.}

The new Maintainers for all of the Carpentry lessons will be meeting a few times
before {month} for onboarding and training in the Carpentry maintenance
workflow. Please fill out this schedule poll {add link to poll} by {deadline}
with your general weekly availability. Our first meeting is tentatively set for
the first week in {month} and we will be meeting three times. Don't forget to
select your timezone before filling out your availability. We have new
Maintainers joining the team from all over the world, so please be as flexible
as possible.

New Maintainers will be given write access to their lesson repos after
completing the onboarding process. In the meantime, please start becoming
familiar with your lesson materials, sign up for the [Maintainer mailing
list](http://carpentries.topicbox.com/groups/maintainers), and check out the
dates of the next [Maintainer general
meeting](http://pad.software-carpentry.org/maintainers). You're more than
welcome to start attending Maintainer meetings before our onboarding. Please let
me know if you have any questions. Looking forward to seeing you in March!

Best,
{name}
